Welcome everyone to the statistics interview questions section of the course.
So we're going to test your ability with statistics and keep in mind there is going to be some crossover
here with just the basic probability.
So you can expect a little bit of probability throughout these questions.
You should also note that a few of these questions will require knowledge of distributions.
Those are things like the normal distribution the binomial distribution etc..
So go ahead and use the resource guide book to help you out.
In fact a few of the questions will actually require you to probably look something up in a table so
you can treat those as if they were a take home interview question or something of that sort.
All right let's get started.
Best of luck.